Update documentation on ratios to include floor and ceil operations (#555)
Agoric/documentation: main/zoe/api/contract-support/ratio-math.md

The ratio functions have to be imported.

The most common kind of `Ratio` is applied to an `Amount` of a particular brand
and produces results of the same brand.

`Ratios` can also have two brands, essentially typing them such as miles per
hour or US dollars for Swiss francs (an exchange rate ratio) (i.e. the numerator
is one brand and the denominator is another). Keep in mind that a ratio function
should make sense when used with a dual-branded ratio.

For example, when multiplying an amount by a ratio, the result has the ratio
numerator's brand.  So the amount should have the same brand as the ratio's
denominator to cancel it out; e.g. 5 gallons * (10 miles / 1 gallon) = 50
miles. Similarly, dividing an amount by a ratio returns a result amount with the
denominator's brand, so the amount should be the same brand as the numerator to
cancel it out.

In order to support precision calculations, the multiplication and division
operations require that the caller specify whether the result should be rounded
up or down. These operations produce Amounts, so they have to end by converting
the ratio to an integer with a division. This may require roundoff, and correct

> calculations requrie that the caller choose which is appropriate.

Reviewer: Small typo, text reads well though
```suggestion
calculations require that the caller choose which is appropriate.
```

assertIsRatio(aRatio);
```

## `floorMultiplyBy(amount, ratio)`
## `ceilMultiplyBy(amount, ratio)`
- `amount`: `{ Amount }`
- `ratio`: `{ Ratio }`
- Returns: `{ Amount }`

Returns an immutable `Amount`.  Its brand is the `ratio`'s *numerator*'s brand.
Note the denominator brand has to be the same as the amount brand.

The resulting value is determined by:
1. Multiplying the `amount` value by the `ratio`'s numerator's value.
2. Dividing the result from step 1 by the `ratio`'s denominator's value.
3. If that results in an integer, that value is returned, otherwise, the value
  is rounded down (for floorMultiplyBy) or up (for ceilMultiplyBy) to the next
  integer.

  The above describes what is done to determine the result, not precisely how

>   it's done in the source code.

Reviewer: I realize this comment isn't new, but it seems strange to me that we can't describe how it's done in the source code. A user may want to know

Author: The step-by-step does describe the source code. I think the old version was vaguer, and that's the reason the caveat was there originally. I've dropped the caveat.

const exchange = multiplyBy(Dollars100, exchangeRatio);
```

## ` floorDivideBy(amount, ratio)`
## ` ceilDivideBy(amount, ratio)`
- `amount`: `{ Amount }`
- `ratio`: `{ Ratio }`
- Returns: `{ Amount }`

Returns an immutable `Amount`.  Its brand is the `ratio`'s *denominator*'s brand.

Its value is determined by:
1. Multiplying the `amount` value by the `ratio`'s denominator's value.
2. Dividing the result from step 1 by the `ratio`'s numerator's value.
3. If that results in an integer, that value is returned, otherwise, the value

>   is rounded down (for floorMultiplyBy) or up (for ceilMultiplyBy) to the next

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  is rounded down (for floorDivideBy) or up (for ceilDivideBy) to the next
```

Author: oops.  Fixed.
